c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Form1.resources
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Form2.resources
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\bin\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.exe
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\bin\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.pdb
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.exe
c:\users\vishal\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.pdb
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.exe
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.pdb
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human_Emotion_Detection.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\bin\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.exe
C:\Users\Vishal\Desktop\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\bin\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.pdb
H:\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.exe
H:\Project Material\Human Emotion Detection\Human Emotion Detection\obj\x86\Debug\Human Emotion Detection.pdb
